Support for multiple channels (#75)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-aws-SNS: README.md

1. Go to **System Console > Plugins > AWS SNS**.

>   1. Set the channel to send notifications to, specified in the format `teamname,channelname`. If the specified channel does not exist, the plugin will create the channel for you. If you want to specifiy more channels, you can append them separated by `;` e.g. `teamname,channelname;teamname-2,channelname-2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Set the channel to send notifications to, specified in the format `teamname,channelname`. If the specified channel does not exist, the plugin will create the channel for you. If you want to specify more than one channel, you can append them separated by `;` e.g. `teamname,channelname;teamname-2,channelname-2`
```

### Step 2: Configure plugin in Amazon AWS

1. Create an [AWS CloudWatch alarm for your instance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-cloudwatch-createalarm.html).

> 2. Create an AWS SNS Topic with an HTTPS subscription to [https://your-mattermost-url/plugins/com.mattermost.aws-sns?token=your-mattermost-token?channel=teamname,channelname](), where `your-mattermost-url` refers to your Mattermost URL, and `your-mattermost-token` was generated on a previous step. The `channel` query parameter specifics the channel that should receive the subscription/messages. If no `channel` parameter is passed, the first channel will be used as default. [Follow this documentation](https://docs.safe.com/fme/html/FME_Server_Documentation/ReferenceManual/Amazon_SNS_Publisher_Configure_AWS_Subscription.htm) for additional configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an AWS SNS Topic with an HTTPS subscription to [https://your-mattermost-url/plugins/com.mattermost.aws-sns?token=your-mattermost-token?channel=teamname,channelname](), where `your-mattermost-url` refers to your Mattermost URL, and `your-mattermost-token` was generated on a previous step. The `channel` query parameter specifies the channel that should receive the subscription/messages. If no `channel` parameter is passed, the first channel will be used as default. [Follow this documentation](https://docs.safe.com/fme/html/FME_Server_Documentation/ReferenceManual/Amazon_SNS_Publisher_Configure_AWS_Subscription.htm) for additional configuration options.
```
